welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
high life
a group of criminals serving death
sentences are sent on a mission in space
to extract alternative energy from a
black hole
each prisoner is treated as a guinea pig
by dr dibs benos
who is fixated on creating a child
through artificial insemination
but has yet to find success
sexual activity between prisoners is
prohibited
the ship is equipped with the box a
device obsessively used by the crew to
masturbate
dibs murdered her own children and
husband before attempting suicide
monty pattinson the only celibate
prisoner
rejects dibs sexual advances
monty is serving a life sentence for
killing a friend for murdering his dog
as a child
monty's only friend on the ship is
cherny benjamin
who is drawn to the onboard garden
because it reminds him of earth
pregnant prisoner elektra obiano
delivers a baby
but it dies and later she does as well
the captain chandra eidinger develops
leukemia due to radiation and has a
stroke before being euthanized by dibs
one night male prisoner etter ray
mitchell finds a female prisoner named
boyz goth
and her roommate mink tran to their beds
and attempts to rape boys
nancy buzzak the pilot intervenes
but etta ray attacks and overpowers her
monty arrives throws etta ray off boys
and beats him when monty leads boys away
to be treated
mink stabs etta ray to death in the
hallway
dibs begins doubling the amount of
sedatives each prisoner receives
later sneaking into monty's cell and
raping him while he is sedated
she then injects his semen into boys who
produces a healthy child that dips dotes
on
but monty is unaware that he is the
baby's father
as the ship approaches the black hole
nansen prepares to pilot a shuttle
around it
unbeknownst to the other prisoners boyz
kills nansen with a shovel and takes her
place
the shuttle travels through a molecular
cloud that alters its trajectory and
causes it to dive into the black hole
where boyz explodes due to
spaghettification
mink later attacks dibs and injures her
but is then killed by monty
dibs informs monty that the child is his
before ejecting herself
into space cherny commits suicide and
monty buries him in the garden according
to his wishes
now the only surviving prisoner monty
removes the bodies from the ship's
morgue
dresses them in space suits and releases
them into space
monty struggles to raise the baby whom
he has named willow
he attempts to make repairs to the ship
but her frantic cries through his helmet
speakers causes him to drop a tool and
lose it in space
much later when willow has grown into a
teenager
they encounter another ship similar to
their own
monty boards the ship but finds it
carrying stray dogs who have survived by
eating one another
willow begs monty to bring one back but
he refuses
implying contamination could potentially
sicken or kill them
the ship moves closer to the black hole
and willow convinces monty to board a
shuttle with her and journey through it
monty takes willow's hand as a yellow
light source grows ever larger and
envelops them
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you